hi it's Barney from BBC good food and
here and they'll be showing you how to
spatchcock a chicken which is a great
technique to learn if you want to
barbecue a whole chicken or if you want
to roast a chicken in about half the
time all you need is a pair of good
kitchen scissors and some optional
skewers so first things first you want
to turn your chicken upside down with
the legs facing towards you now this is
called the pastures nose and what we're
going to do is going to cut down either
side of it it's just a matter of
crunching through the rib cage and then
same thing down the other side now don't
throw this piece away it makes really
good stock now we're just going to flip
the chicken over and then we're just
going to flatten it down with our hands
so so that's a chicken spatchcocked
if you want the chicken to hold its
shape while it cooks you can get two
skewers and just skewer the chicken
through the leg and into the breast meat
and then we're just going to do the same
with the other skewer it's just going
through the leg
and into the breast meat and that's it
ready to cook so that's how to
spatchcock a chicken from BBC good food